🎉 New Source: Google Search Console (#5350)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/google-search-console.md

### Requirements

* Credentials to a Google Service Account (or Google Service Account with delegated Domain Wide Authority) or Google User Account

## How to create the client credentials for Google Search Console, to use with Airbyte?

You can either:
* Use the existing `Service Account` for your Google Project with granted Admin Permissions

> * Use the existing `User Account` for your Google Project with granted Admin Permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use your personal Google User Account with oauth. If you choose this option, your account must have permissions to view the Google Search Console project you choose. 
```

### Note
You can return to the [API Console/Credentials](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials) at any time to view the email address, public key fingerprints, and other information, or to generate additional public/private key pairs. For more details about service account credentials in the API Console, see [Service accounts](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/understanding-service-accounts) in the API Console help file.

> ### Using the existing User Account 

Reviewer: no need to add this section to the external docs as it will be automated via oauth in the UI. This is an excellent README however to place in the `credentials/` directory.
